[DROOLS-5658] updated option for ANC (#2923)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesDrools.7.45.0.Final/drools-modularization.adoc

With the introduction of these 2 modules, to use {DECISION_ENGINE} with the executable model it will be enough to add `drools-engine` to a
project's dependencies while for traditional use of {DECISION_ENGINE} without the model it will be necessary to just import `drools-engine-classic`.
These names reflect the intention of the Drools team to promote the use of the executable model and make it the default choice.

> === Descope of Alpha Network Compiler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Descope of alpha network compiler
```

> The Alpha Network Compiler feature has also been moved to a separated module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alpha network compiler feature is moved to a separate module.
```

> To use it, you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the alpha network compiler, add the `drools-alphanetwork-compiler` module and enable it in the kmodule.xml file to `inmemory` compilation.
```

> * to add the `drools-alphanetwork-compiler` module

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * to enable it in the kmodule.xml to `inmemory` compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

----
<kmodule xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
         xmlns="http://www.drools.org/xsd/kmodule">
  <configuration>
    <property key="drools.alphaNetworkCompiler" value="inmemory"/>
  </configuration>
</kmodule>
----

> OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * if you use the kie-maven-plugin, you can create an ANC compiled version with the `-DgenerateModel=WITHANC` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you use the `kie-maven-plugin`, you can create an ANC compiled version with the `-DgenerateModel=WITHANC` option. 
```
